Wed 5/12
got brief and started planning 5/12
thought about models, got sign-off (and clarification on some concepts)
looked at a few design examples
wireframes
model & views planning
started code added, file structure made and first packages installed

Thu 6/12
models with basic fields in
band routes
user routes
message routes (was deleting a different message than the ID I passed in. After a google it turns out I was using Matt's "findOneAndDelete/Remove" method instead of "findByIdAndDelete", which now definitely works as should)
auth routes (register and login)
started testing (copied index_spec from desserts)
no idea how to add the instruments: - The ones from seeds are not showing up in insomnia even though I'm populating them. - referenced schema doesn't work at all: don't know how to add them to seeds so they reflect the model => there was a fucking typo in the seed data (instument), that's why seeds weren't showing in insomnia. Still wonder if enums would be easier, but don't know if I can add to them
realised I don't need a create route for users, duh!
realised I don't have a different way to register as a user OR a band. Think I'll just make creating a band a secure route and people will have to manage their band... ? (maybe talk to Sophia/Joe)

Fri 7/12
rejigged bands, users and instruments again, not sure if correctly (need conceptual help)
set up app.js, started home and header
brainsweeping sesh with Rob: turns out I need to have instruments as a separate entity AND another two routes to add and delete from user's instruments Played array
started register on frontend, but doesn't work (can't read state of undefined)
did a bit more testing (show and create on bands; show doesn't return 200 response, even though it does in insomnia)
added secure route to routes
faffed

Mon 10/12
added isAuthenticated to header links; logout doesn't redirect me
Rob helped sort out the select sending data back to the api (had to add all props to Select and not options, pass down lookingForInstruments, and onChange (=> had it on props in New.js, but not taken in Select.js))
sorted instruments alphabetically on the backend (20min). There is mongoose .sort method!!
edit form is not rendering (same as in wonders, though). Haven't found a typo. Something to do with lifecycles? Not sure how to get band data to populate before I edit and post
OMG there was a typo in the link on the show page (kept wonders in the url)!!! Still doesn't send to db though
added a cancel button to new and edit pages
after break: fixed logout (deleted token from l.storage before, but didn't update the page or redirect) => forgot to bind handle logout
also fixed edit form - left createBand on onSubmit as opposed to updateBand (even though I was sure it was there correctly).
Breaks are good (had lunch, read an article, got more water and chatted to Theo for a bit, got a mini mince pie)
